Add vip doc (#38)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/harvester-network.md

## Enabling VLAN in the Harvester UI

Enable VLAN via going to **Setting > vlan** to enable VLAN and input a valid default physical NIC name for the VLAN. 

It is recommended to choose a separate NIC for the VLAN other than the one used for the management network (the one selected during the Harvester installation) for better network performance and isolation. 

!!! note
    Modifying the default VLAN network setting will not change the existing configured host networks.
    
!!! note

>     Harvester support bond interface but only can be created during PEX Boot installation. Here is [an example](/install/harvester-configuration/#example_11).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Harvester supports configuring bond interfaces but it can only be created during PEX Boot installation. Here is [an example](/install/harvester-configuration/#example_11).
```
